Functionalities & Flows (Technical) 
Previous: 
 

Essential flows for v1

Login into the system 
Main screen with default buttons and screen layout; Prompt window, login and sign up button.

User can opt multiple ways to login/sign up one is using the login/signup buttons in the top right corner or by clicking on the dummy prompt bar which will redirect them to login/signup popup.

They will be able to sign up or login into the system by putting information into the text fields; 

login: email address and password they have created/login with google.

sign up: name, email address, password and re-enter password/login with google. 

When creating an account the user will be automatically logged in.

Creating a new file 
The user can have two cases either they will be making their very first file in this platform or they can be regular users already having files in the platform.

Case 1: Empty state: when there a no files prior.

The user will have an empty screen (no files) with template section and a prompt box same size a file card prompting to create a ‘New File‘.

After clicking the ‘New File‘ the user will have a new file opened, unnamed.

The user can name their file by clicking the ‘Untitled‘.

User can create a new agent, edit the canvas, share the file, bring in a template onto the canvas.

Case 2: Multiple files state; when there are multiple existing files.

The user will have a button ‘+ New project’ on the top right of the screen.

It will allow the user to create a new blank file, unnamed.

The user can name their file by clicking the ‘Untitled‘.

User can create a new agent, edit the canvas, share the file, bring in a template onto the canvas.

Adding a new agent 
The user can select ‘agent‘ option from the tool bar on the bottom to add an agent.

Adding an agent on the canvas will trigger a side pushover, in which the user has to put all the required information for the agent they want to create. The information to create an agent is given below.

Name of the agent

Description of the task it do.

Trigger; types of trigger

Information taken from/ information to act upon. This is only applicable if the trigger is dependent on some other agent.

Information to give to. This option is allows the agent to pass on information or output when attached and needed by the other agent.

API key

Personal_Global

Personal_Agent specific

Global/Fallback. [which is nvidia nemotron for now]

Assigning info to it; name, task to be done

Trigger

Information taken from - information sending to

API key; personal_global, personal_agent_specific, global

Editing information of an agent 
Considering that the user has already made the agent and added all the information perfectly. If the user has to perform any type of edit;

Click on the agent that has to be edited

Side popover will appear with all the information related to that agent, the information can be edited.

The user has to click ‘save’, so that it can actually save the data that has been changed.

Deleting an agent 
Considering that the user has already created an agent.

The agent that has to be deleted will be selected by the user.

Side popover will appear, click on the ‘Delete agent‘ option.

A popup to ensure that the user has to actually delete the agent.

Creating a group of agents 
Considering that the user have created multiple agents which they have to collectively group together.

The user can either drag-select the agents they want to group together or shift click all the agents the user wants to group together.

Name the group of the agents selected and save.

This will create a group which will be appear as a dropdown list in the prompt bar. If multiple groups : multiple items in the list.

Prompting the flow of agents/using an agent 
Considering that the user has designed and set their desired agent flow.

Their is an option in the toolbar, as given below.

The user can select this option to switch on the prompt bar.

User can write their designated prompt into the prompt text input bar.

User can also attach any file in the prompt bar, if they want to work with that, to provide a better context to the agents or any other preferred use case.

Outputs by agents 
Let’s consider the user has created agent(s) or maybe a group of agents to execute through. The user wishes to test out or actually run through agents. 

The user has given their desired prompt to the flow.

After the flow has been executed, the user can:

See the output

Edit the output 

Download output in different formats

Share the report with someone

Adding an API key (case 1: on login, case 2: after login, in platform) 
Case 1: Adding an API key on login/sign up

Considering that user has logged into the system or signed up in the system.

The system will check and send a request to backend to check that if the user has added any of their personal key to use globally in the system.

This given data call should only go if the user has logged into the system not signed up, because sign will require a personal API key by the user (bring you own API key)

If the user has signed up for float platform, they will be prompt to give a personal global API key (Groq or OpenRouter). If not given by the user the system will use fallback API key; nvidia nemotron 3.

Case 2: Adding a key after login/sign up is done, in the system.

The user will get a profile popup.

Select the option to add ‘Add API key‘ prompting a text input, to allow the user to put the API key into that.

Click save to save the API key.

Editing in canvas 
This functionality allows the user to interact better and edit/use/create/add/delete components. It will allow the user to explain their flow, canvas better, note taking, important marking, brainstorm, etc.

The user can drag and drop the component that they want to use onto the canvas (method 1)

The user can click on the component they want to put onto the canvas, it will place the component at the random and relevant place; near the workspace on the canvas (method 2) 





Essential flows for v1.1

File sharing  
Creating a template 
Choosing a template from own or community/in-built templates 
Activating and using the chatbot 
Commenting in the canvas 
Editing an agent of a template 
Exporting an output 